Ramon: Hi Greg, I'm so sorry. I like work with slow this morning and then we got to look like the last hour. We got hit with all kinds of customers and
Ramon: I lost track of time. I'm sorry. I apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So my guess is we're not meeting next week for individual therapy. So I think we'll take today to this little
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at your goals and see how you
Ramon: Do. Okay.
Ramon: All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: One of your goals is I want to work on my anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you've been working on it.
Ramon: Yes, a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what are you noticing that you like when you have the experience of anger coming up. What are you liking that you're doing.
Ramon: What am I liking that. I'm not blowing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the absence of blowing up. What are you doing,
Ramon: Um, I guess, controlling my breathing thinking about what I'm gonna say before I say not letting just words come out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're doing the breathing and you're thinking before you speak.
Ramon: Yes. Okay, instead of just
Force thinking
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice you're not blowing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And what are you noticing in your relationship was the feedback. You're getting back from your environment as you're noticing this change in yourself. What, what are you noticing in interpret coin.
Ramon: Everything's changing the way we treat each other. The way we talk way we act everything our relationships, a lot better.
Ramon: Not so stressed out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we've gotten behind what you saw was working, have there been moments where it was more challenging.
Ramon: And
There was
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of maybe some anger. Shut up more than you really
Wanted
Ramon: Um, I don't necessarily know about challenging but there have been moments where I forgot to execute what I learned in therapy or do what I will. You know what I what I said I was going to do or some and then afterwards. I'm like, Oh shit, that was the time to do it. It didn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ramon: You forgot to use the skills and
Gwenevere Abriel: What ended up happening.
Ramon: Oh we argue, she cries. We don't talk for a minute, and then the conversation, pretty much.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long does that she's crying, you're arguing. How long does that last
Ramon: Hour to
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does they get resolved.
Ramon: Well, pretty much what ends up happening is, we'll hang up with each other, something and then just wait it out work and then later on. End of the day. We'll just call an act like nothing really happened.
Ramon: We'll get home and then we'll like talk about it in person face to face.
Ramon: She fell how I felt she was thinking what I was thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so whatever it is that you're doing. It's it seems to be working. And whatever she's working on. Do you see her changes to that she's
Ramon: She's yes a lot
Ramon: A lot. A lot. She's really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you love to see those changes.
Ramon: Yes. Well, I haven't recently. No, but I tried to okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we could reinforce it by letting her know what you're seeing, and that you like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's move to the next goal, which is I want to say 1500 so we can get a place well
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you've already got a plan. They're very wrapped with that.
Ramon: Oh,
Ramon: Really close
Ramon: All really really close.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much money you got
Ramon: A pretty much got the 1500. It's like a little under like 4060 or something.
Yeah, so, so, uh,
Ramon: But about another week or two, and we should be good.
To have
Ramon: 1500
Gwenevere Abriel: And I forgotten you already have a plan of where you guys want to go.
Ramon: We're gonna stay in Los Lunas
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I mean the apartment kind of where the location like the resident
Ramon: Yeah. And last one. This
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a complex plus bonus is that the name of a
Ramon: It's a, it's a town hall here in New Mexico.
Yeah, I guess.
Ramon: We live
Ramon: We live in a town called Los Lunas and inside that town. They have like three, four little pueblos little like villages.
Ramon: And those villages are like all settle metal a basket farms, stuff like that. And we lived in metal Lake
Ramon: And that was about 1520 minutes away from Los Lunas okay so we moved into Los Lunas out of metal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're already like as far as the domicile the actual physical place you've already got it worked out. It's going to be available when you want it. The whole you know how much first and security and all that is
Ramon: Okay, all of us sold already
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweet. Um, so really, I don't need to extend this a whole month we can just do it two weeks forward, does that put us at one
Gwenevere Abriel: Really February 22 but should all get worked out.
Ramon: I have surgery on the 18th. So don't forget
Gwenevere Abriel: Is tell me how that is relevant for us, though, tell me why you need me to remember that just fill me in
Ramon: Just in case something happens. I don't know my surgery gets infected or. Okay, I have to, you know what I mean I have to go see my doctor out the blue or something just
Ramon: Let you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so got it written down. I've got it on my my agenda. Alright, the next one, of course, this is the overarching one, the one that brought you to bright heart health. I want help with addiction to heroin. It's been this guiding goal right and
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let me just check in on what milligram you're at today.
Ramon: I'm on killing 70 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: So those are strips so I have to look that
Ramon: Out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and milligrams
Ramon: That would be
Ramon: A 1623
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I feel like you've been at 23 for
Ramon: Two weeks now. I was out. Yeah. About two weeks now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you think the next time you see the doc who you would like to mention a plan to taper again.
Ramon: Well, I would love to, but I still have this problem that
Ramon: I feel like
Ramon: When I'm done with this.
Ramon: I should reward myself and I should go get high.
Ramon: What I mean
I do
Ramon: So it's kind of as I'm not gonna lie to you it's becoming a little harder because I'm scared.
Ramon: Relapse not scared to cut down, not just scared to relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, that's really helpful. What you just said, and it's about this reward you must have used getting high as a reward in the past.
Ramon: All the time. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, is it possible that you can do both that you're not there right now. This may take from on. What if we said that's a year away. Don't. Don't get distracted with the number but look at the distances is from today.
Ramon: Yeah, my also looked at that. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, way out there and look how much you've changed just when you really immersed yourself. You really started to take in some of the things that
Gwenevere Abriel: That I've been saying or the doc has been saying, or maybe a group or any from your friends. You know when you really turn your attention to opening your mind, your heart, your spirit to that. Look how much a little bit of change and how you speak and
Ramon: Somebody called me a messed up the volume.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear me
Ramon: Test test test or Yep, yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Ramon: I don't know where
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't hear me, so just acknowledge for a second. The fact that you made a change in thinking right you held off speaking
Gwenevere Abriel: You learned a breathing technique you use information from a friend, you've used information and applied it now those changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Those are small changes and big impact the relationship with your sweetheart has changed in a big way. So look, looking ahead, a year random number. How much change how many more coping skills, you're going to have, how much more confidence, you're going to have
Ramon: Just imagine that I think a lot. I think so, too, like me and my girlfriend. We're talking about it already like
Ramon: Look at where we're at in a year module will be in a year now. Yeah. If you've been telling each other that
Gwenevere Abriel: If you keep absorbing it
Gwenevere Abriel: And not let
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what a lot of people do is they let their pride and
Ramon: Ego get in the way, like
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't want to take things
from, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It gets a bit in the way and it might delay it, but you look like you're taking them in and you're applying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great, if not Pitch it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get into this piece about reward for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever seen anybody that rewarded themselves with something else.
Ramon: Yeah, definitely.
Ramon: Like gone by themselves. Something mainly that's really what it is going to go do something or something like going out to eat.
Ramon: Going to amusement park or going out to a concert or buying clothes. Oh, I'm gonna do this for myself because I had a good week or I was, you know what I mean, sure.
Ramon: People do it all the time.
Ramon: What's your my way of rewarding myself was just cheap and quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It quick that immediate stuff is going to be important. So we're going to work with that so
Gwenevere Abriel: What would feel in your imagination, what would feel right away that you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a sense of acknowledging that profound
Gwenevere Abriel: Work that you put into healing. Right. It's a huge piece of people's life story their recovery. It's a huge part of your timeline.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you got to honor that like a birthday right we we
Get
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a cake. We give each other gifts we
Gwenevere Abriel: Smile, we laugh, we giggle. We have a whole celebration and tradition every year for our birthday. Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around other things where people come together and
Celebrate
Gwenevere Abriel: What's something
Ramon: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Would like to do
Knowledge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of your sobriety any within a week of it being there.
Ramon: The details of
Gwenevere Abriel: That later. Just hold on to it. What would feel rewarding for you.
Ramon: Like being sober.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, yeah. We are the first minute, maybe for you. It might be the first minute where we didn't play with that for a second.
I mean,
Ramon: First day my my reward the way my life was turning
Ramon: Like I
Ramon: Think My reward is what I've earned and that's my girlfriend her daughter this job.
Ramon: Like all that came from being sober.
Ramon: There's no way and how I would have been able to keep out of I was messing up
Gwenevere Abriel: You know yourself, also, that something happens where you say probably something like this, correct me. I, I like being wrong and means we can get to your truth I deserve.
Ramon: See if them.
Ramon: I guess it only comes up in some situations, not really a lot
Ramon: But in some for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever done anything that's difficult
Ramon: Yeah.
Xiaomi
Ramon: This difficult as in
Gwenevere Abriel: Showing up to these groups showing up to individual therapy being held a
Gwenevere Abriel: bridge between services at one point.
Ramon: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just challenged a lot for you. Okay. And it's inconvenient to go to the pharmacy and there's all these pieces of when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Look into a future without an opiate there's a lot
Ramon: Oh, yeah.
Ramon: The only thing that was quite as challenging as this would be staying out of prison.
Ramon: Okay, that was about
Ramon: Or equal to as hard as this is
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you done stay out of prison.
Ramon: Stay Sober okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you had thought I should reward myself. Look at me, I'm not in prison. What a good boy. I am don't get hung up on those words. What a good boy. I am I'm such a good man, sorry, good man and I deserve any that come up
Ramon: Um, yeah, definitely.
Ramon: Definitely like
How
Ramon: Like oh, last Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, last Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: pretty recent. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walk me through that story.
Ramon: I am a part of this little group on Facebook called free pipe frenzy and if you when they send you a free tobacco pipe.
Ramon: And all you gotta do is pay the shipping and handling shipping handling, like a books and last Friday I told my girlfriend will since I one
Ramon: And I've been doing good. I'm gonna just go ahead and bite us for me because it's for me this reward myself. She was like, Oh, I'm glad you bought yourself something because you never do.
Ramon: By like the way I reward myself is I get to see my girlfriend and her daughter, be happy. You know what I mean. I go take them places I buy some stuff I give them whatever I do whatever they need me to do like
Ramon: And then being happy as my reward.
Ramon: I LOVE IT. I DON'T GO OUT MY WAY TO GO BUY meat is or I don't go on my wedding.
Ramon: I don't to reward myself. My reward is seeing them being happy seeing and being comfortable. No worries.
Ramon: Like, that's how I really reward myself because I don't go by myself stuff. No more. I don't get high. No more like so I really don't know what our reward myself with
Ramon: Can we go
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's back up a little bit. Let's back up to
Gwenevere Abriel: The free pipe frenzy. Did you follow through with that.
Ramon: Oh yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did it feel when you got it in the mail.
Ramon: Wonderful. I love it. So yeah.
Ramon: Like, even though it's just a piece of glass. I was really happy about it.
Ramon: And it was mine to give it to my girlfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I talk to you a little bit about
The
Gwenevere Abriel: Caution that I write the cautions of
Gwenevere Abriel: Your happiness being your reward being contingent on someone else's behavior. Can I just talk to you a little bit about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If my happy just to keep it really simple meaning reward my happiness is contingent on the face of my child.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I see he's miserable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've worked very hard i given him everything I sacrifice.
Ramon: My health my time my
Energy
Gwenevere Abriel: You know my passion for something in order to ensure that he was want for nothing. And he's not grateful and he's impatient and he's rude and dismissive and and angry. In fact, I'm not seeing him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to feel the reward. I'm going to be likely really resentful.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got
Set up
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: You broke up a little bit. I think you said, Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Did your mouth. One think it said, Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test, test. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So, but that does that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sense to you.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, um, whereas with this piece of this object that you had, you could say, Well, I did this thing. I worked very hard for it. This is a little reward, and no one can it's yours. Notice how you said it's mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: On transient moods people purposely trying to hurt us like none of that like none of that is included in when we just say I went and I went to a car show
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I went somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: I worked hard for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is something I care about. And it's not subject to the whims e to the changing mood of someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the upside of actually an object with what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it's not it's not something you can get
Gwenevere Abriel: Disappointed someone else and resentful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And someone can't manipulate you either
Ramon: Make sense
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go back because the overarching pieces wanting to make sure we identify what can feel rewarding.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no resentment is building up but something that we can report. So, picture, picture a year from now, what would be a true honoring of something that you worked profoundly hard for and it might be a combination of
Ramon: I'm living my co
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, car, and to be a combination of unfree meaning I'm not imprisoned I'm free.
I'm silver
Ramon: And my car.
Gwenevere Abriel: My car. Tell me, tell me what tell me the car that would
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel like reward, because that that were far I need more details there.
Ramon: I would say, as of right now. I don't know what type of car I want, but I want to forward. Dr. Michael foot in and not a four wheel drive. Okay. Yep. So
Ramon: Yeah, cuz the car I have now I really like it. It's really old almost has 200,000 miles on it.
But
Ramon: I'm not even dumping it off, yet I still owe $300 okay and
Ramon: It's mine. Like, it's my car, my first car I've ever had. And I think a year from now if I had a newer car better car. That would be a really good word.
Ramon: Honestly,
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you. And do you notice right, it would be yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not context. So watch what can happen. I'm just saying, God forbid something happened to this other relationship, something happens it the context, the composition. So dynamics change if you continue to see
Ramon: This record for
Gwenevere Abriel: Staying free and out of prison and sobriety. It will still be there for you. You can still continue to work hard and save for it and still envision it
Gwenevere Abriel: Whereas if something happened with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relation
Gwenevere Abriel: I would be concerned that now your freedom, your, your sobriety right is a little in jeopardy. I get worried right there.
Ramon: Will make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't having four wheel drive great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last longer than that, what the 32nd hi of heroin.
Ramon: Oh yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because all of all of the good stuff. You're talking about falls apart with substance use falls apart.
Ramon: Yes, it does. And I've seen it firsthand and I never mental functioning addict, like, and I know a lot of them. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eventually, write it because tolerance builds, they're going to end up needing
More
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna pull from their savings.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're gonna pull from their
Gwenevere Abriel: Family, you know, it's going to start to a road all the things they care about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you thought about that before that a four wheel drive car might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel
Ramon: Bad about
Ramon: I thought about it, but I never really told myself, use it as a reward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Ramon: Alive. I just said.
Ramon: You need a car because this was gonna break down. So we'll get you a four wheel drive or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what we can do, if you like. And this ties into something you wanted to talk about which was money management, I wrote it down. You said it. You had said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Money management was the topic you kind of want to just touch on today. It's kind of relevant right now because could you be doing a little reward on a regular basis. Um, I have this special savings, no matter what I send $10 I send $20 think over here. Watch it might mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Little girl doesn't get a sparkly pair of socks. I don't know. I'm just saying, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You are rewarding your
Artwork
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are reinforcing that you have value at what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: In and of itself is terribly important.
Gwenevere Abriel: To understand it reinforces you are important.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: These people aren't going anywhere, based on 10 why I'm picking a random number on $10 going over here that loves will still be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look at what they're going to say she's gonna say, wow, look at you, loving yourself. That's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: She already said it with the little glass object. It's the same thing. Right. I can read. It's not selfish and go, I gotta check in and see if that's what you do with it. Does it seem selfish to imagine every paycheck, putting aside money. So you get this four wheel drive.
Ramon: Well, no, I've tried it and it's really hard on my part, because I kind of live. Check, check. And when I stopped putting money away in my savings.
Ramon: And up having to go into my savings to grab it to use it for like gas or cigarettes or, you know, stuff like that. And so I never really get to save it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this idea of it. Do you like what we're talking about.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we get this
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we went electronic and we we got you using one of these little
Gwenevere Abriel: There's these little apps that will take money. Let's say you use this card on something and it costs 675 they'll take that money and they will round up
Gwenevere Abriel: And Jill automatically grab that 25 cents and they're going to drop it in your savings, you don't think about it. You're not going to notice it. You know, it's 25 cents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, and it's going to sit there and sit there and sit there every time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Save save save save save say it's not painful, you're not like
It just go off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's one thing you can do, and I'll forward you right now. I thought I have my little list in front of me, but I don't have it in front of me. If you're interested, I can send that to you.
Ramon: Yeah, send it
Gwenevere Abriel: Because how cool is that and and if you wanted your girlfriend could do it too. She can have her own little, little pile and your little you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Her. She could do it. And so then you're sort of building that and there's other little mechanisms little tricks that you can use.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think it's on a card, then it just sits there.
Ramon: Like that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right randomly. Oh, you get a windfall you work extra on a weekend or something that some sort of bonus experience you drop in another you know $20 into it. Another $50 you drop that in there and you can just leave it because you're not using
Ramon: You're not going to be pulling
Gwenevere Abriel: From it to pay for anything. Right. It's just going to stay and stay in that in that savings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so what else happens around money for you were. Remember, he said, I want to talk about money management, what's the challenge for you.
Ramon: Saving
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it is about saving
Yeah.
Ramon: Like I'm pretty good about spending like
Ramon: You know,
Ramon: How can you say it, I got on buy expensive stuff like find some better. I will. And if we need it. That's when we buy it. We don't just go buy
Ramon: Stuff that we don't need just because it looks good, right, like we needed we buy it and then we say the rest of the money. But like I said, we end up living check to check that. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: People are living chatted back you know that's that's real. How much money would you like to have saved so it didn't feel like check to check
You'd still have 5000 5000
Gwenevere Abriel: That is that a, like a rainy day. What if something happens to my job or someone has an emergency room visit or something big happens like that.
Ramon: Oh, that's more like
Ramon: Don't have to stress on rent for the next three months.
Ramon: On bills and stuff because I got money there. That's really what that's for. Okay.
Ramon: Instead of like, oh, I have to get paid before the first and
Ramon: Save this for a week and a half. And you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so how much typically are you taking home. What's your check like every two weeks, or every week.
Ramon: Every two
Ramon: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the average number that's coming in.
Ramon: Oh, about eight
Okay, so at
Every two
Two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. In 12 months, you could have 1900 and $20
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay if the savings is accrued slowly.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so all I did just now as I took
Gwenevere Abriel: I took. Well, let's work this backwards and then come to this number in a second. How much you spending right now you am
Gwenevere Abriel: Your girlfriend on cigarettes and we these days. I know it's been an effort to decrease what how much you spending.
Ramon: Oh,
Ramon: Oh ball $45 a week on cigarettes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And does she sharing that expense or you cover all of it.
Ramon: I cover everything
Gwenevere Abriel: May see what 40 would do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in a year. You could have $960 in savings.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I just did right now is I, I said, Okay, if you just talk decide $40 every paycheck.
Ramon: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be unquestioned that it's gone, it's already given that it's gone. It goes into the savings account every paycheck. So every two weeks, you would have
Gwenevere Abriel: Close to $1,000 you'd have $960 at the end of
Ramon: The year
Gwenevere Abriel: As for life. Yeah, if it was 80 which is about right 10% of that 800 you would have close to $2,000 so that and all that is is that cigarette money.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's $40 plus singer money if it went over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have close to $2,000 after a year you have 1900 dollars.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't have you see it does grow. It's just this if I could take off the way each time of prioritizing competing
Gwenevere Abriel: Degrees of importance for where to put this money if you don't question. It's automatic friends for automatic, no matter what. So your money is in a physical check that's handed to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go automatic deposit what to do.
Ramon: Yeah, direct deposit
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have a, like a bank that would do an automatic transfer to savings.
Ramon: Yeah, the last Friday of every month they transfer $25 in savings. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you end up just an intuitive what's going on. Yeah.
Ramon: end up needing it for gas or something. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's another place where that's leaking. See if there's other sums of money without $40 can where you're saying 25 right
Gwenevere Abriel: See where else money is is getting spent
Ramon: That, oh yes food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fast food.
Ramon: Yeah, definitely. We'd almost every night.
Gwenevere Abriel: But fast food is not terribly expensive. I mean, way down, how much it would be to make sort of chicken and hamburgers at home, kind of thing.
Ramon: The way down. Like I can make
Ramon: I can make a whole meal for like 10 bucks night.
Ramon: And we could have seconds.
Ramon: And or I could go to McDonald's for 10 bucks and get like three cheeseburgers right
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what are you to like a little story of where the hardest working laziest people remember that was kind of a funny thing last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: At night when you guys get home or on the weekend. Do you have any interest to have that be, and maybe it'll be, you know, a few weeks in your
Gwenevere Abriel: Home. But what if that becomes like a routine gathering where okay let's make food for next week, maybe we'll, we'll do this this month, all we will lasagna.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do chicken parm you do cordon bleu I'm going to do chiller rianna or whatever, right, and you make it like this gathering where you just do the food prep because you guys are poked at the end of the night. Right.
Ramon: Yeah, pretty much. We get home, about six and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. Yeah, I know you guys are working hard, so look like most of us right we work. And then we have, but you can where you guys have time. Where do you guys have time on the weekend or where is it
Ramon: Really really on the weekends, which Sunday.
Ramon: I would say Saturday because Sundays we go to church and stuff.
Ramon: Okay so Saturday say Saturday's really are only
Ramon: Yeah, are only
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture that being kind of fun like making a meal with her.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A big one right
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a couple meals and getting the shopping and making it, it's all set up for them. We stuck in the freezer guys pull it out and you are working together.
Gwenevere Abriel: To put the savings together so that you have this more comfortable life and you get to hang out with each other and enjoy each other's company. And there's another hobby. Oh, oh, you know what my friend at work told me about how to make
Gwenevere Abriel: enchiladas using debt that I want to make some and and throw those together, or when you're making enchilada. Let's buy a little extra this and I can make you know the White chili stew or something to meals at once. It's a way to connect with her and spend more time.
Ramon: I like that idea. I think I'm definitely going to try that. And then we could just freeze the food for the week home and defrosted. Yes. That makes sense. I like it.
Ramon: A lot of sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the night so even two days if you if some real frozen you two days before you take it out, then it has those two days to defrost. Then you come home at six o'clock you stick it in the oven. Whoever gets home first
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that fired up. Now you have a family meal you have eating here you're eating wholesome food that doesn't have all those chemicals in it. Think about what that does for the daughter for you right as you're healing your body
Ramon: I like that idea. Yeah, okay, really good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me see what else you talked about. Let me ask you, um, do you want to set another
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want another goal set is something coming up for you where you'd like to kind of have us both watch and monitor progress around something either like to do more of or something you'd like to do lesson.
Ramon: Um, no. Not at the moment. Okay, other, other than like other than being able to like save money.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you also mentioned, I want to be mentally stronger. That was another goal, um, where is it that you are seeing
Ramon: Is pretty much like the anger stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if those are really a melding of the same thing.
Ramon: Maybe, maybe. Okay. Well, maybe not. Let's see.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you assess yourself over these last couple weeks as not being strong mentally
Ramon: In doing pretty good. Other than, like, one day, like a week and a half or two I kind of broke down mentally like I text my girlfriend. I was like, Yo, I can't do this no more. I don't
Ramon: I would, I don't know what it was. I was just I can't, I don't want to work, no more. I don't want to do this no more. I'm done.
Ramon: I'm tired of paying bills. I'm tired of fucking oh and money. I'm tired of stressing over this, but then later on in the day I got over it, you know, but it was just, it was hard that day for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How how down. Did you get
Ramon: I cried. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember the context of what was going on today.
Ramon: It was mainly bills, I guess.
Ramon: Jill's stressed out about what I owed who owed. When I got to pay in
Ramon: All
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What your predominant belief about yourself was at that time. And you'll find it with this sentence of I am
Gwenevere Abriel: See what negative belief about yourself was present during that
Gwenevere Abriel: Moment.
Ramon: What negative belief.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you'll know it through that finishing the sentence, I am
Ramon: Oh, I guess the only belief at that time was
Ramon: I wanted to quit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe in
Gwenevere Abriel: At that time, these are harder to get I
Ramon: Was that I was a quitter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what brought the tears on
Ramon: Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Got real
Gwenevere Abriel: Right you met you got real close to it right and then can't believe this is happening. This is happening and you reached out for support. You got support you got through it but you got real close to that experience of quitting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it. Did it scare you a little bit
Ramon: Oh no, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the emotion going with the tears, then
Ramon: Like stressed out, I was stressed stress on the chair started coming along.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Ugly stress is associated with a physiological response of an increased heart rate short sort of upper chest breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tension muscle tension.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for you when you were, you know, crying, right. You were tearful
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it possible there was another emotion there.
Ramon: I'm worried
Gwenevere Abriel: Worried is a cousin of fear. So watch if I'm worried I'm anxious. I'm nervous. I'm scared I'm afraid of something in the future. Well, what were you worried slash nervous, anxious, afraid of
Ramon: Not being able to pay all my bills.
Ramon: And me enough money to cover it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what would happen.
Ramon: lose everything. I worked for
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what would happen.
Ramon: Guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: The phrase, tell me what tell me what that means.
Ramon: setback in life.
Ramon: Have another problem to deal with on top of what I have already
Gwenevere Abriel: More problems. Okay, I would have more
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about inner personally what would happen.
Ramon: Pro give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the big nervous. Like if I get too overwhelmed. If there's so many problems. I might give up.
Ramon: Yeah, definitely.
Ramon: It may always
Ramon: Have always been
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. That makes sense that you would feel stressed nervous in my word right afraid I don't want to give up on myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to, but this problems. Keep coming
Gwenevere Abriel: I've already seen in the past I've given up. I don't want to do it again. And I think you may have been scared.
Ramon: Maybe
Ramon: I wouldn't say I was
Twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Ramon: Before, and I didn't have that
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, actually, we're over I better go. But I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, well, we reviewed your goals. You're making progress. I think you did a big piece of work around identifying this concept of reward and I'll forward you some some little apps that have been helpful for people for kind of squirrel and money away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to consider the idea of I'm worth setting that $25 aside and not touching
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see, see if you can not touch it and maybe there'll be a compromise somewhere else. I don't know where, but maybe you'll maybe you'll see it if you stick with I'm worth this investment because down the line. I don't want to have to relapse. I want to have this four wheel drive.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want another reward. I want to on a daily basis.
Ramon: Weekly basis.
Ramon: You know report.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so let's pick another day that you want to eat. I'm assuming. Two weeks from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will say, Ramon i can't i can't be to Cheryl keep this stuff, but I'm have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Meeting with people here and they're on the weekend and would give me a chance to do some of the deeper or
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you, I'm just going to offer it to you. And if you can pull this off. You have to meet either your time. I guess that's seven or eight o'clock on a Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're not going to want to go on February 21 possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: For you could be alone. And I could do a little bit more intensive therapeutic intervention with you.
Ramon: 22nd.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. Thank you. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can throw it out there. If you
Want
Ramon: Be recovering from my surgery on that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Ramon: We do maybe like
Ramon: I don't know the 50
Ramon: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. You want to do it.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it. The 15th, that's not this weekend, but it's the following. I like it. Thank you, that's even better. So if you can pull off seven in the morning. That's 9am over here, then it doesn't pull in deeply into that sort of personal life right doesn't dip into deeply and today. Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you pull that off seven or 730
Ramon: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ramon: She's not this Saturday but next Saturday. Yes. When I come over and do a therapy class.
Ramon: In the morning. Oh.
Ramon: Seven.
Ramon: Alright, seven there be a little early days, if you want. Like if you want good reception and everything and like a quiet room and all that it would have to be a little later.
Ramon: Because I don't have Wi Fi at home.
Ramon: So you cry.
Ramon: I go to my friend's house. I go to their room to us.
Ramon: Can it be eight o'clock.
Ramon: What are you talking about
Ramon: Eight o'clock or
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight o'clock. Okay.
Ramon: We'll just do that then
Gwenevere Abriel: So this would be great, really protects this time let everybody know
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll get
Gwenevere Abriel: February 15
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see if we can do
Gwenevere Abriel: Some
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit more in depth work. Okay.
Ramon: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, is there any medication attached to today.
Ramon: Do I need a message, doctor, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll be good to you and I will talk to you soon.
Ramon: All right. Bye bye.
Bye.